Well, I'll just jump right in the river by myself here.
I don't know what to do.
Obviously, we hit a nerve again.
Is there anybody coming?
Thank you, Lord, that our internet works.
It's back.
I don't know if it's this thing over here, so I'm going to plug in.
Well, I know, honey, but I don't know if it ever goes out.
I have mama sit here and help and let us know if it goes back in and out.
Because if it goes out again, I won't know because I have no way of telling.
My knees get stiff when I sit here for so long.
Well, let's just pray.
And if you're here, I'm praying.
Just act like nobody's here anyway.
I'm just going to pray like I would at home.
Okay.
So you just come and pray with me, okay?
If you're here, you're here; if you're not, you're not.
I'm going to pray for our president, and I'll pretend like you're here and I'll pretend like you're not, I guess.
I don't know.
Either way, I'm just going to pray.
So, if you all can do your thing, I'm going to enter in, and now you can just pray.
You pray with me, baby, and we'll do a prayer and we'll just pray for our president and pray for our economy and things like that.
Father, we just thank you, Lord.
I'm seeing houses.
I'm seeing homes.
I hear the Lord say, 'Brandon, I'm going to pay off people's houses quickly.
I'm going to pay off people's houses quickly.
Pull it out of the spirit realm into the natural and for supernatural thinking.
' Many, many a supernaturally funded...
All right.
There's many of you that have had—I see visions.
You've had dreams.
You've had prophetic words that you have let go of.
There are many of you that have let go of prophetic promises—these prophetic words that have been inside of your spirit, stirring inside of you.
And you thought, 'When is this coming to pass?
When is the manifestation coming to pass at last?
' And the Lord said, 'It's time for you to stretch forth and believe what would seem impossible.
I will bring it and make it possible by my hand, by my goodness, by the angels, and I will send them on assignment to bring forth the greater wealth, to bring forth the greater wells of glory, to bring forth the buildings that need to be built.
There'll be buildings that you did not build.
There'll be wells that you did not dig.
There'll be fountains of the rivers, and the rivers will flow.
There'll be fields that you did not plant.
And there's a harvest that you will reap.
I'm seeing a supernatural increase on many of you in the days ahead.
For the rivers will flow, and there'll be great rivers of blessing and increase and multiplication.
I'm seeing this.
I see rivers that are full of blessing—rivers that are full.
I didn't say a stream.
I didn't say a trickle.
He said, 'I'm saying it's a river.
' And in this river, I will a bountiful, multiplied seed, exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think seed.
I see some of these houses are on golf courses.
Some of these houses are in gated communities—rich foundations, good homes for godly homes.
And I see abundance coming on folks.
You've got to take off the chokehold for what you have.
Take off the chokehold.
That's what He's talking about.
You're chokehold in what you've been believing for.
Take off that chokehold.
Come up higher.
Come up higher in your believing—poverty mentality.
It's a poverty-lack mentality.
Break out of it.
I have great things in store, and it's out the front door.
I see these beautiful houses that you did not build.
I see a transfer of the wealth of the wicked laid up for the righteous.
I can tell you where it's coming from.
I can see the fountain that does not run dry.
I see some of you even got brand new cars coming.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, you've just seen a lot of good stuff.
' Yep.
Because He said you've been sowing and you have sacrificially been giving, and the greater manifestation of what I have for you is coming.
Don't give up.
Don't lose heart.
Come stronger into my throne room.
Write it down.
Make it clear.
Write the petition down.
Make a petition of what you're believing for.
Take communion over it.
Back it with scripture.
A greater manifestation of the glory is coming on you.
And it's time for the overflow harvest that you have sown toward and a greater manifestation of glory and the greater manifestation of His presence on your house, on your finances—Called days of heaven on earth.
Lay hold to it.
Do you hear me?
I'm talking about great communities.
I'm talking about golfing communities.
I'm talking about blessing of increase.
The people around you say, 'How did that happen?
' You say, 'Only by the hand of the Lord.
' I see it.
Oh, the spoils the Lord called.
These are the spoils.
Do you see the spoils, honey?
I don't know if I'm live or not, but I see this love and I see the spoils.
The Lord said, 'As the children of Israel left and got the spoils of Egypt, I'm bringing forth the spoils for my children and the wealth of the sinners.
If you're listening to me, I will bring you the fountains of wealth—fountains of wealth, of great riches, in the deep hidden things—and the greater glory, the greater manifestation of my presence will be on you, and you'll lack no good thing.
' He said, 'Who is on the Lord's side?
Who is on my side?
' Stop playing patty-cake Christianity.
Come up higher in your believing, for with me, come up higher in your expectation for what you are about to see.
Come up higher.
I will provide your heart's desire if you come up higher and have fellowship with me.
Don't seek the things, but seek me.
I am your El Shaddai.
I will provide.
I will take care of you.
I will restore what the cankerworm ate from you if you will just come up higher in your fellowship with me.
I am your abundant supply.
I am the exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think God.
And it will come with a greater flow and a greater restoration to the ones that are sold out—the ones that are sold out to me, the ones that are looking toward me.
And you say, 'Well, I live in a place of poverty-torn, poverty-worn.
' It's like war-torn.
I see places with little metal huts.
I see people with dirt floors.
He said, 'I'm even talking to them.
I'll restore everything that was taken from them.
A restoring of what the cankerworm has eaten.
I'll restore it back if you just believe me for it.
' I see doctor bills being paid in full.
I see medical bills being paid in full.
I see student loans being paid in full.
He said, 'Reach out and believe me for it.
' You have great doctor bills and the Lord's going to restore back everything the devil has taken and stolen from you.
And He's going to give you back your health.
Receive healing in your body.
We call the seeds that you have sowed—we call those seeds that have miracle ground in the name of Jesus.
We call forth the stagnant seeds that have been planted for decades past.
We call it to come to harvest at last.
We speak to the seeds.
We speak to the growth.
We call you debt-free in the name of Jesus.
We call doctor bills paid.
We call your house paid.
We call their student loans paid.
We call those things that be not as though they were.
We're calling for a turnaround in your finances.
We call for jobs and better jobs, raises and bonuses.
We call it out of the realm of the spirit into the natural in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that everything You have in store—every good and perfect gift—comes from the Father.
We thank You, Lord, that You're the God of the abundant supply.
We call it in right now.
We're calling in those seeds.
We call in our businesses to double, triple, and quadruple in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, that we will be the head and not the tail; we will be above and not beneath.
And we'll take the spoils and the plunder, for the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
We take the plunder and the spoils, for seedtime and harvest is accelerating.
When the sowers and the reapers are going hand in hand, the time of the harvest is at hand.
Eyes to see that which is in front of thee.
You say, 'What do I have?
' I hear, 'What do I have?
' Let us break the back of poverty with a financial seed.
You, spirit of poverty, we break you in the name of Jesus.
We break you off the body of Christ.
We call for the harvest in the name of Jesus: 30, 60, and 100-fold.
Satan, get your hands off of our stuff in the name of Jesus.
We call for 30, 60, and 100-fold in the name of Jesus.
We're calling it in: jobs and better jobs.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that we are called to be the abundant supply in this earth, that the earth will see that the goodness of God brings man to repentance.
We're saying the goodness of God is on us.
Father, we thank You that the willing and obedient will eat the good of the land.
The good of the land is ours, Father.
I thank You for the willing and obedient, and we're calling the willing and obedient to rise up.
We're willing, Father; we'll do what You ask us to do, and we're obedient to what You've asked us to do.
And we sow and we reap.
It's part of seedtime and harvest, Father.
Just as much as it is to sow into the Kingdom of God, it is to reap.
It's time to reap.
And you don't just reap back what you sowed; you reap multiplication, health, mental clarity, and favor in your marriage, your children, and your jobs.
Favor wherever you go.
Maybe a good deal on a meal.
I just know that God is more than the box we put Him in.
We say, 'Well, You have to operate in this little box,' but increase comes in all ways.
It could be a sale at the grocery store where you get two-for-one—that's increase and favor, being in the right place at the right time.
Someone says, 'Hey, I want to buy your coffee today,' that's increase.
Don't despise small beginnings.
If someone gives you a dollar, be excited about the dollar.
If someone says, 'Hey, I found a quarter here; I'll give this to you,' be excited about increase.
Regardless of what it is or how much it is, every good and perfect thing comes from God.
I believe that even in a cup of coffee.
God, I thank You for a cup of coffee; You're the God of the free cup of coffee.
Be thankful and grateful for everything God does for you.
Even if you say, 'Well, that's not very much,' it's a start.
I'm so thankful for the start, Father, and for the drop.
A rainstorm starts with one drop of rain.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain and blessing on my household today.
It starts with one drop.
You may not have your overflow yet, but it doesn't start with a whole bunch of drops; the first drop has to hit somewhere.
I believe the time of the harvest is at hand.
This seedtime and harvest is accelerating, and it's time to call back the seeds that have lain dormant.
We call those seeds to be cultivated and watered to come forth in the name of Jesus.
Some plant, some water, but God brings forth the increase.
I believe that God is bringing forth my increase today in ways that I can't comprehend.
It doesn't have to be in my natural thinking.
It's above all that I dare ask or think.
If I can think it, it's not big enough.
Think bigger.
That's what I'm hearing Him say: 'Stir up yourself to believe Me for bigger: exceedingly, abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
' I can think some big things, but He's going to do more.
'My thoughts are higher than your thoughts; My ways are higher than your ways.
' That's what He says.
I believe I receive the bountiful supply over my household, even at the risk of being persecuted for it.
Father, I thank You.
Even persecution comes for the Word's sake.
Persecution comes when people get jealous of what you have.
Just let them get jealous; I'm not going to shy back from every good and perfect thing You have for us.
You have to lay hold to it by faith.
I lay hold to it in the name of Jesus for exceedingly, abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
If you don't want to believe for it, fine—that's on you.
I don't care what you believe; I believe it.
And if you don't want to receive yours, I can receive it for you.
That may tick somebody off, but if you don't want yours, I'll take it.
Why not believe for bigger?
Why do we limit God with our stinking thinking?
Always thinking, 'Well, the world can have it, but we can't.
' Mr.
Starbucks has it; Mark Zuckerberg sure has it, and he can flip off my channel anytime he wants.
Why aren't we the ones over social media?
Why is it that we have to go on their channel and have them tell us what to do?
It takes millions of dollars to create Facebook, right?
Well, if he just turns my channel off and says, 'Oh, we don't want you on here anymore,' why don't we have a platform like Facebook and own it?
We could say, 'Listen, we're only going to let godly content on here.
We're not going to let any Jezebels on here.
' Why is it that the body of Christ has always been a servant to the world when God created all things richly for us to enjoy?
Yet the body of Christ chokes on it and says, 'Oh, you can't; it's too much.
' And they're all building bunkers, having houses in Hawaii, chilling out on the beach, and enjoying their drinks and sinning, while we're trying to get the Gospel out.
Why is it that we have a chokehold on a million dollars?
Why do we have a chokehold on ten million or on a billionaire?
'Oh, we can't touch that; that's too much.
' But we see these people that are sex trafficking these kids, who are living in penthouses and all of it.
You look at it and go, 'They are evil,' and all we want to do is get the Gospel out, but the body of Christ chokes on it.
And He says, 'Believe Me for more.
' The devil's crowd has it and they convince you that you can't.
I have never taken a vow of poverty and never will.
I've seen what it takes.
And yet people like Jesse Duplantis and Kenneth Copeland and all these others, they have the blessing and everything, and people persecute them and say, 'Well, they shouldn't have it.
' "They took the old widow's money.
" And you don't know how they got their money.
How were you in their finances, auditing them and taking their stuff?
No, you weren't.
Or they'd be in jail if they did something wrong.
But yet people are always throwing stones at people who have more.
People are stupid.
And you look at it and go, "Whatever, man.
" If the Lord would bless them, He'd bless us.
Why are we always limiting God?
I'm not going to limit God with my thinking.
If He wants to bring it to me and get it through me so I can help somebody else out, then whatever.
I just don't understand why people get so upset about stuff when you see people in the world who are driving around in Ferraris and trafficking little kids and you go, "Well, look at that.
" From Epstein trafficking children to islands and people don't say much; he got killed in prison, but I'm just saying there's a lot of people that are attached to the Epstein list who are still not in jail.
I try to understand the body of Christ's thinking, but the moment you see a brother get blessed, you instantaneously throw rocks at him.
And I go, "What?
Why?
" Because I know.
I believe in the power of the seed.
If you have a need, sow a seed.
That's my harvest.
Believe.
If you have a need, sow a seed.
That's what I hear the Lord say.
What do you have a need for?
Exceedingly, abundantly, above all that you dare ask or think.
God is a good God, and the devil's a bad devil.
And the devil crowd has the money.
That's what I'm hearing tonight.
Stir yourself up in the way you believe.
Stir yourself up in the capacity to believe for more.
We're at the end of this.
The end is right at our door.
And people don't want to hear it.
Their heads are in the sand.
And I'm thinking, why not create a new Facebook and call it something else?
Why does it have to be that they can kick me off and say, "We're not going to allow you to put the Gospel on there anymore"?
Why?
Why don't we have something to say, "Well, fine.
We have Godface"?
I mean, I don't know.
I get so tired of the world bullying Christians and saying you can't say anything anymore.
And that's why I rise up inside; I say enough is enough.
And we don't care how many followers you have; we just don't like the Gospel that you preach.
Okay, and we just have to let it happen?
No, no, no.
Why don't we have platforms?
Why don't we have the ability to reach out and do that?
It takes money.
That's why we have things that are just halfway done.
And you go, "Well, that platform doesn't attract the world.
" They don't come over there and want to hear it.
Thank God for Elon Musk.
I'm believing God for his salvation.
Let's pray for him right now.
Let's believe God with the people that are here.
I don't know how many of you are here right now, but let's believe God for Elon Musk's salvation.
He'll use X and it'll remain strong so that they don't kick us off and won't be able to censor us; that he'll keep on being that place where we are able to say stuff on X without them censoring Christianity and saying, "Listen, we don't want what you're saying over here.
" Wouldn't that be wonderful?
Let's believe God for Elon Musk.
Father, I thank You, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus that Elon Musk, wherever he's at—he may be in his bed, he may be in his hotel, he might be out partying right now—but we know that You know where he's at.
And we call him born again in the name of Jesus.
We call him right out of the pit of hell.
We say, "Elon Musk, your whole family is getting born again.
" Even if you like it or not, every single one of you is going to get radically saved.
I call you radically born again, Elon Musk.
I call you filled with the Holy Ghost.
And I say in the name of Jesus, you're coming in sooner than later.
So stop running.
Come to Jesus.
Run, Elon Musk, to Jesus.
It's time for you to have a visitation from our great Father.
So, Father, I thank You; if You would visit a Muslim in the middle of the desert and You would appear to them in a dream or a vision and they would give their heart to You, I ask You to touch Elon Musk right now.
Right now, we are all in agreement that You radically save Elon Musk and let him come on there and say, "I was once lost, but now I'm found.
I gave my heart to Jesus Christ.
And I'm not just some patty-cake Christian.
But I'm here to tell you, I've seen things.
I know things.
And I'm telling you that Jesus Christ is coming.
" Wouldn't that be wonderful if he was like a John the Baptist?
I was once lost, but now I'm found.
And he starts preaching the Gospel.
Why not?
If God can save you, He can save me.
He can save Elon Musk.
I'm calling him born again.
I'm calling him saved.
I'm calling him radical for Jesus.
You may laugh at it.
You say, "That's the craziest thing.
" No.
I've seen God do—I've seen darker people, more evil, satanic people give their heart to Jesus Christ when it seemed that there was no hope at all.
And Elon Musk—God is no respecter of persons and He can save him right now where he's at.
Snatch him right out of the pit of hell.
Father, I believe that today is the day that we can mark it on our calendar that we will know that today is a day of turnaround in Elon Musk's life, and that he'll use Starlink, he'll use his platforms, and many sons and daughters will come home through the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ using his technological advancements.
I say in the name of Jesus, I call him saved.
I call radical people around him.
I call him born again.
I call the darkness off of his eyes.
I say in the name of Jesus, his eyes are flooded with light.
I say he is born again.
Flood him with light, Lord.
Flood his eyes, the fog over his mind.
Satan, let him go.
And there will be a change in the bloodline.
Many, many, we call you born again.
We call him radically saved.
We call him stirred up.
That every single person that he comes in contact with will see that there's a difference in him.
That Jesus Christ is Lord of lords and King of kings of Elon Musk's life.
Forgive me, Father, for always judging people; forgive me for my mealy-mouthed thinking and my negative thinking.
Forgive me, Lord.
All things are possible to him who believes.
I call Kim Kardashian, Khloe Kardashian, and all the sisters—Kendall, Kylie, all of them—we call them radically saved.
We call them born again.
We call them filled with the Holy Ghost.
We say they're coming out of the darkness and into the light.
We call a stirring in them even tonight as they sleep.
We pray for them, Father, in the name of Jesus; for the work that You've done already in Khloe, You will finish it.
You stir in her in the name of Jesus.
We call protection around that family.
They will use their social media platforms all to the glory of God.
We pray for that family in the name of Jesus to have a radical visitation, that they would have their Road to Damascus experience.
We call Justin Bieber, Hailey, his wife, and even Billie, Father—I call them, even with the satanic stuff they practice, we call them born again.
We call Billie Eilish saved in Jesus' name.
We call Hollywood invaded with the glory of God.
And they would use their influence for the glory of God.
Even when I'm seeing the spiders and all these things around them, I thank you, Lord.
We're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel.
Father, you can take the darkest of the dark and turn it into light.
Do you all believe it—that it's time for the church to rise up and be the salt because salt makes you thirsty?
It's time for the church to rise up and have a backbone like a crowbar and bring the lost in.
And it's going to take finances to do it.
Stop this weak, stinking thinking.
Change your mindset concerning this.
It's not about you becoming lustful over stuff.
It's about getting the gospel out so that we can get out of here.
I want to go home with Jesus in the rapture of the church.
Let's finish strong, church.
It's time to stop thinking small.
'Well, it's my four and no more.
' No, he wants to save that which was lost.
He said, 'I'm waiting on you.
Bring in my harvest and I'll come and get you.
' But most people are just thinking, 'Well, if we can just say Kumbaya, my Lord, Kumbaya.
' And they have these little services and they have the little candlelight out in the parking lot and they're just, 'Oh, we got a Holy Ghost bump.
' And they go home and you go, 'What was that all about?
Did anybody get saved?
Did anybody get prayer up in here?
' No.
But we felt a little bit of something and we had our candle and we had our little communion and we had our little service afterwards and we got five people up in here.
We all went home, but yet there's billions of people dying and going to hell.
It's time to stop playing church.
We must become radical and tell the people that Jesus Christ loves them.
He doesn't want that any man should perish but all come in repentance.
What makes us stand out the most?
The wealth and the money is all that the world's after.
If you got a brand new Rolls-Royce, you got their attention.
If you got a brand new Ferrari and you pull up in a parking lot, everybody's looking.
They're only after the money.
That's all they care about.
The world—that's all they care about.
But if you can show them Jesus, they don't know what they're missing.
All these Hollywood people are committing self-harm and trying to eliminate themselves by the droves.
Like the guy that you know self-harmed himself, Robin Williams.
And there's so many people that have done that, who were comedians and happy and you thought they were happy, but they were so empty.
How do you self-harm to the point where you're not here anymore and we miss you?
They're trying to feel something.
It's sad.
And I can tell you, I was that person that was so broken and I said, 'I can't do this anymore.
' And I was ready to drive off a bridge.
And it took a missionary coming from Romania named Ronald who prayed for me and cast the devil out of me.
And I was free.
And I remember like it was yesterday, feeling so down and so depressed that I didn't want to live anymore.
And I thought, there has to be somebody on this other side of the camera that feels that same thing.
You just feel, 'I just don't want to live anymore.
' And I thought, man, who cares if they got money?
They're just lost.
Who cares if they're poor?
They just need a fresh touch from Jesus.
And I've made a determination because I remember how bad it hurt to be that down and that depressed to think I can't live anymore.
And Jesus set me free.
And I figured if he did it for me, he'd do it for you.
And there's so many people that are trying to fill a hole that they're never going to fill.
But if I can just tell you how to get there, Jesus will turn your mess into a message like he did for me.
I just see them all.
Elon Musk and all these people, they're just lost.
He may be the richest man in the world, but he's just lost.
And I don't see him buying stupid cars and things like that trying to fill a void.
He's set out on a mission.
He wants a legacy—build Starlink and all these things.
He thinks differently.
But what if you could switch somebody's thinking like that and they get born again and they start telling people about how good God is?
People like Alex Jones that get radical for Jesus.
99.
9% of you will never know the pressures that people like Alex Jones face—of popular opinion and public opinion and the pressure of things.
I've seen a glimpse of it and I don't face what they face.
They have millions and millions of people following them.
I have like 3.
9 million a month.
They have hundreds of millions.
But the pressure of it is absolutely incredible.
And all I know is they just need a fresh touch from Jesus.
They just need a fresh drink.
And that's why I come here and I pray so late at night because I know there's somebody out there that is just believing for a breakthrough and they're saying, 'Does somebody at least care tonight?
Does somebody just care for me?
Can somebody just tell me that everything is going to be different soon?
I don't know how much longer I can keep holding on to this rope.
Can somebody tell me there's light at the end of the tunnel in my life?
' Because I was that person.
I'd stay up scrolling through YouTube looking for hope, looking for a preacher, looking for something to tell me that everything's going to be all right.
And I didn't find it.
It took me getting up one morning to go to church where a missionary called me out in the middle of the service and said, 'You right there, you.
God has a plan for your life and you're running.
' And he prayed for me.
And I always go back to those God moments because nobody truly knew how close I was to doing myself in.
I was just grabbing a hold of something because I was hurting so bad.
So, when you have these moments, even like I'm feeling now, I feel the urge because I feel somebody's on the other side of this camera right now and I'm talking to you.
I cry because I feel your pain.
And I try to keep it together because I feel it, and it's part of the intercessor in me that you're just wanting somebody to pray for you.
And I just want to let you know we love you.
We pray for you and we're so glad you're here tonight.
If I could be there with you right now on the other side of the camera, I would tell you I know God has a plan for your life.
I know he loves you.
I know he has more for you.
And it's not for you to live the way you're living.
Self-harm is never the answer.
But I'm going to tell you, I understand the desperation.
Jesus loves you and he paid the price.
And if you just let him in, he'll change you from the inside out.
But you've got to get real with yourself and you've got to get in a Bible.
You say, 'I don't understand the Bible.
' Find just scriptures that are simple, like in Psalms, and start meditating on Psalms and Proverbs.
The entrance of his word brings forth light.
And the more you read that Bible, it will change you from the inside out.
But you got to get real and you got to stop running.
And you got to stop feeling sorry for yourself.
Because it was me feeling sorry for myself—oh, pity me.
And really, bottom line is nobody really feels sorry for you.
You have to have grit and say, 'Hey, I'm doing this for the Lord.
He cares.
' There may not be anybody else around you, but he cares.
That's all that matters.
And that's why I pray for Elon Musk.
The Lord cares for you.
The Lord loves you.
The Lord loves President Trump.
The Lord loves even all those Muslims that are passing away in Iran.
He don't want any of them to go to hell.
He doesn't want the Ayatollah going to hell.
As crazy as that may sound, he doesn't want anybody to go to hell.
He wants you to repent.
He didn't want Hitler to go to hell; he wanted him to repent and turn from his wicked ways.
As nutsy as this may sound, Jesus died for Hitler to go to heaven.
Jesus died and suffered so that Hitler didn't have to go to hell.
But Hitler chose hell and Hitler chose to do what he did.
But Jesus died for him, and he loved him, and he said, 'Man, I don't want you to go to hell, Hitler.
I don't want you to do all the things you're doing.
' But he chose it.
God is no respecter of persons; he loves us all.
From Marilyn Manson to Charles Manson to all of them, he loves them all.
But it's our choice to accept Jesus Christ.
So if you're here tonight and I'm talking to you and you feel that stirring inside of you right now, and you're saying, 'Brandon, you're talking to me.
Will you please pray for me?
' I want to say a simple prayer for you.
We don't have to make this all religious.
I'm the least religious person you'll ever meet—you can ask my wife.
We're not religious people.
We love to have fun, we just hang out, we just enjoy life.
But it's about relationship with us.
We just want a God we can talk to.
We want to say, 'Jesus, are you really there?
' And you know what?
If you get quiet enough, he'll answer back and say, 'I've always been here.
I've never left you.
I've always been here, Braden.
I've always been here, Diana.
I love you.
' And he's saying the same thing to you right now: 'I have a plan for your life and I love you.
' But you have to recognize that and you have to say, 'Hey, I want you.
I need you.
I surrender my all to you.
Turn my mess and make it into a message.
Turn my sorrow into happiness.
Get rid of this demonic spirit of depression off of me.
And I want joy unspeakable and full of glory.
' So, we're going to take care of that, too.
Father, right now in the name of Jesus, we take authority over the spirit of depression.
We take authority over the spirit of suicide.
We command you to bow your knee.
Release them and let them go.
Come out of their body in Jesus' name.
Come out of their mind.
Release their mind right now in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over the spirit of suicide and over depression and anxiety and worry and torment.
We say in the name of Jesus, let them go right now in Jesus' name.
I see an octopus spirit.
I command you to release their mind in the name of Jesus.
Let them go.
Cease and desist in your maneuvering against them.
You spirit of depression, you spirit of suicide, we bind you and cast you out in the name of Jesus.
Let them go now.
Holy Spirit, I ask you to flood them.
Flood them with hope.
Flood them with your peace.
Flood them with joy.
Flood them with your goodness and your mercy.
And we thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that the peace that passes all understanding is flooding them and flooding their minds, flooding their hearts right now in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that their minds are renewed and they put the word of God in them and they fill themselves up with the word of God and they have hope tonight.
They put away stinking thinking.
As a man thinketh in his heart, as a woman thinketh in his heart, so is he.
And we take authority over those demonic spirits that have been sent on you from witchcraft, from incantations, chants, whatever you've opened your door to.
Ouija boards—stop doing it.
We shut the door to satanic practice with tarot cards and crystals and all kinds of sorcery, witchcraft, spirits—all of it.
We denounce you and we say you're out of our life.
We say in the name of Jesus, you are bound and broken off of us in the name of Jesus.
We're completely free.
Say it—you have to say it out of your mouth: 'I denounce you, Satan.
I denounce the witchcraft that I've been doing.
And I say, I'm free.
' You may feel some kind of scratching or whatever going on in you right now, but just say, 'I'm free.
' And just say, 'For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
' I am free.
I am free.
I call those things that be not as though they were.
Call those things that be not as though I am free from perversions, I am free from alcohol, I am free from drugs, I am free from pornography, I am free from lust, I am free from whatever it may be.
You just got to say, 'I'm free from gluttony, I'm free from these things.
' I am free, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
I am free by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of my testimony.
I am free tonight in Jesus' name.
I am free in the name of Jesus.
I shut the door to this and I shut the door to it now.
And you may not have communion like this.
Go and get a potato chip or some juice or whatever you've got and take communion.
You say, 'What is that?
' Rewind the last video and you can take communion with this again.
Take this.
Be real with it.
Find if you have some olive oil in your house.
I pray over it right now that all the olive oil is blessed.
Anoint yourself with oil and say, 'I am acting in faith and I apply the blood of Jesus over my forehead and around my house, and I anoint my house with oil in Jesus' name.
Satan, get out of my house.
You're not going to be in my house no more.
' You've got to get bold about your faith.
If you give the devil an inch, he'll take a mile.
You've got to tell him, 'Get out of here in Jesus' name.
I'm not going to have you in my house.
As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
' And I shut the door to you.
I will not be depressed anymore.
I will not have the spirit of self-harm in here no more.
I have yielded myself over to Jesus.
And whoever I'm talking to—you know who I'm talking to—Jesus loves you.
So we're going to pray for you.
And I want you to say this prayer after me.
If you want to become born again, if you want to give your heart to Jesus Christ tonight and you want to sell out to him and you say, 'Jesus, I want you to have all of me.
I'm tired of holding back.
I'm tired of living this hell of a life.
I want to give everything I have over to you.
And I want to surrender my all to you tonight.
' And if you are ready to be all in, if you're ready to give Jesus everything tonight, I want to say a prayer for you.
But I want you to tell us in the comment section down below, 'Tonight's my night.
I want to be all in.
Tonight's my night.
I'm giving all to Jesus.
' There might just be a couple of you, but if it's just a couple of you, it doesn't matter.
You're worth it.
Do you understand?
Jesus died for you.
If you were the only person in this world, he would have died for you.
He loves you.
Say this prayer after me.
Just say it.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, as of tonight, I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on that depression.
I turn my back on self-harm thinking.
And as of tonight, I'm sold out to you.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
Forgive me for what I have been doing wrong.
Forgive me for the open doors of sin.
Forgive me.
And from this day forward, I belong to you, Jesus.
I'm sold out to you.
I give everything to you.
I give my heart.
I give my soul.
I give my body.
I give my spirit.
Everything belongs to you.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, right now that you are writing my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I thank you, Lord, that I'm wall-to-wall Holy Spirit right now.
That you fill me with the evidence of speaking in other tongues.
That you give me the overflow fountain of the living water out of my spirit.
And I thank you, Lord, right now that I am dedicating my heart to you.
I dedicate my life to you.
And if you want me to preach the gospel, if you want me to do...
here am I, send me.
From this day forward, Lord, I'm sold out to you.
And if I was to die tonight, Lord, I'll be with you in paradise forever.
I believe if you just said that simple prayer as fast as I said it, you can rewind it if you need to.
I'm sorry.
When I get to praying like that, it's from my heart.
I believe you're born again.
Now, what do you do?
I would find a Bible-believing church.
You have to get plugged into a good church.
Get plugged in.
I'd say a non-denominational church.
You can find a website for churches that a guy told us about where you can put in the address of the city where you're at and it pulls up all the local churches around you.
I'm trying to get that information to be able to put it up there for you.
But just Google non-denominational churches in your area.
You'll find them and get plugged in there.
Read your Bible every day.
Pray.
Get stirred up and come over here and pray with us.
Be a part of our YouTube; like, subscribe, click the notification bell, be a part of our YouTube channel.
If you don't have a Bible and you would like to have one, we will give you a Bible absolutely for free.
All you have to do is email us at the address in the description down below.
All you have to do is just do that and say in the headline, 'I want my free Bible.
I gave my heart to Jesus.
' Then put your name, your address, and how to get a hold of you, and we will send it to you within a week or so.
Just give us some time because we have quite a few, as a lot of people are getting born again.
But we are going to get it to you and we just want to let you know we love you and we're happy you're here tonight.
I don't know exactly how many are here because I don't think Braden's here right now, but I gave the altar call anyway.
But how many people got born again tonight?
Welcome to the family.
Did you do a survey?
You have to do the math on it.
Forty-two gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Thank you for coming.
Thank you for forty-two people giving their heart to Jesus Christ.
How exciting is that?
Forty-two.
And our live stream got messed up.
How exciting is that?
All forty-two of you.
And if you believe that was you that I was praying about and you want your Bible, tell us who you are so we can keep praying for you.
I know that you just need some encouragement.
And if that was you, I know beyond a shadow of a doubt I felt you and the Lord had me praying for you specifically.
If you're dealing with self-harm, if you're dealing with this stuff and you're feeling down, know that we love you.
Know that God has a plan for you.
And when you ask for your Bible or whatever, just tell us 'That was me' and I just want to reach out to say, 'Hey, listen, we love you.
' You know, we don't want to bother you.
We're not here to embarrass you.
God isn't here to embarrass you.
He just wants to love on you.
He has a plan for y'all.
He loves you.
If you realize how much you truly mean to the Father—you mean so much to Him and God has such a huge plan for you—don't give up on that stuff.
And I'm so thankful that you came tonight and you gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
It's wonderful.
Isn't it wonderful, Braden?
He's here.
Braden's here now.
He was trying to get the internet fixed.
He said, 'Daddy, our motherboard got burned up.
' Now, I'm still trying to figure that one out.
But the whole internet part of what we had fried.
I'm talking like crispy-critter fried.
So I was like, 'Well, okay.
' But we'll get one tomorrow.
Thank God we have a backup to the backup.
We know if it's still buffering, we apologize.
But the enemy obviously did not like what we're doing tonight because our internet got fried.
But he's a loser.
And that's what happens.
A loser.
He's a loser.
He's a big loser.
He has lost.
He's been defeated.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for tonight.
I don't know where to go after that because I felt like I called the altar call.
Oh, Father, we pray over President Trump and his decisions and even the ones that we don't know he's making.
We thank You, Father, for President Trump.
Father, I know You've called him to the kingdom for such a time as this.
We bless his mind.
We bless his thoughts.
We thank You, Lord, that You anoint his mind in a supernatural way tonight.
I thank You that he sleeps soundly.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that every single one of us sleeps soundly.
We pray protection over his kids.
We pray protection over our kids.
We thank You, Lord.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for the grass, for the trees, for all that You provided this spring.
We're so grateful, Father, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
We bless President Trump tonight and over the FBI, the CIA, Homeland Security, our local law enforcement, our sheriff's department.
We bless them in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, that we have men and women that are rising up for such a time as this, and blessing is on our president tonight and our vice president.
You protect them.
You undergird them.
And I thank You, Father, that Elon Musk again is getting born again.
And I petition You, Father, You work on his heart right now.
Right now, Father, even in the middle of the night—I don't know where he's at, but Father, I know that You can touch him right where he's at.
Be real to him, Lord.
I thank You, Lord, that You stir inside of him and he was once lost, but now he's found.
Oh, we pray for everybody else that's out there right now who was once lost but now they're found.
We give You praise and glory and honor.
And we thank You, Lord, that You're bringing everything that we've been believing for to pass at last, and we lack no good thing.
As we bless the people's finances tonight, we thank You, Lord, that tonight is a night of a turnaround and they are going to see it.
They're going to say, 'I remember when we prayed,' and that it is a night of a turnaround in their finances.
Do you believe that, Braden?
Yes.
You agree with me that they're going to start to see it and it will be tangible.
I see today a significant turnaround in this in Jesus' name.
And everyone say 'Amen and amen.
' Well, between the two videos I already went two hours and thirty-six minutes with a little bit of a break.
Was that all together with our videos, son?
This is one hour and six minutes for this one.
Yeah, and the other one was one hour and sixteen.
So that's not too bad.
I kept y'all a little bit, but we prayed.
You have an altar call.
The devil's a loser anyway, huh?
Even if he messed up our live stream the first time.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
Let me see.
Pray for him.
Father, we lift up Mike Lindell to You.
We thank You, Lord, for Mike Lindell.
We lift up his heart, his mind, his body, everything that he has—his strength, his finances, everything he's lost from the persecution.
We call back restoration and restitution over Mike Lindell, that he will finish this race.
And I thank You, Father, that he will win governor of Minnesota in the name of Jesus, that he'll win by a landslide.
I thank You, Lord, that it'll be the biggest red wave Minnesota has ever seen.
And that Omar—is that right, Omar?
—will find herself back where she belongs.
She's no longer in America tormenting us.
I thank You, Father, that Omar is finding a new job.
It's no longer being a representative or a congresswoman at all.
I thank You, Father, that Omar is finding a new job in Jesus' name.
Father, no more corruption in Minnesota, no more darkness in Minnesota.
Father, there will be the largest red wave Minnesota has ever seen.
Do you all agree with me?
Do you believe with me?
Minnesota, no more corruption in Minnesota.
We're calling corruption uncovered in California, Minnesota, Nevada, Arizona, Wyoming, Pennsylvania, Boston, Massachusetts area, New York, Florida, over all of it.
We call corruption uncovered in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we'll have another strong governor over the state of Oklahoma, that Oklahoma will remain red and we will not flip blue.
We all bleed red.
We are a state that is red, red, red.
Do you believe that, Braden?
We will stay red.
Our senators will remain red.
We will remain a God-fearing state.
We say in the name of Jesus, that's what the Lord showed me today.
He showed me the migration when I saw all the people leaving Boston because of this attack that's about to take place.
I saw people up and leaving.
And He said, "You see all these people?
They're going to be moving to Texas and Oklahoma.
" Pray they don't change things blue, because although they vote blue there, when they come here, they vote red because we want to stay a God-fearing Bible Belt.
Sweet tea and Jesus; that's all we need.
We need sweet tea and Jesus here in the South.
We don't want your liberal thinking here.
If you want to stay liberal, stay in the blue.
Stay up there; we don't want you here.
But we want sweet tea and Jesus.
Leave us alone.
Thank you, Lord, for it.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we keep our Holy Ghost and fire in our state.
Father, we're so grateful that with the few people we have here—I think it's like three or four million people in Oklahoma—they all stay for the glory of God.
Underneath that glory covering, Oklahoma will have a revival, Texas will have a revival, Kansas will turn around and start having a revival, and so will Arkansas and Missouri.
It will spread throughout the East, the West, Canada, Mexico, and South America.
We're calling for revival in the name of Jesus.
There are 4.
12 million: 4,120,000.
Brandon is a little bad at math.
It was just because the two was weird.
4.
2 million.
That's not very many people here.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for stirring in us.
Thank you, Lord, that there's Holy Ghost and fire over this nation, and Minnesota will have a major revival in the name of Jesus.
Minnesota will have a major Holy Ghost and fire revival.
I'm calling Minnesota saved, born again, with the fire of God over it.
We thank you, Lord, that the red wave comes from Michigan and Minnesota, like a red wave of glory.
Come now in Jesus' name, be birthed into this earth.
We call heaven to invade earth in Jesus' name.
As watchers of the prophetic, we say in the name of Jesus: heaven, it is time to invade earth.
Another wave of glory is coming up, a water springing forth out of Minneapolis, Minnesota.
A major well of revival is coming forth in Jesus' name.
I see the ground beginning to break all over Minnesota, and there are many wells, like there are lakes.
This is a representation of glory: the lakes, the rivers, the pools of water.
I hear that what is in the natural is in the spirit.
There are many lakes, but there is one that will never run dry.
I see a river, a gold gusher.
Hallelujah!
It's coming up right.
I see a well coming up out of Minneapolis.
The ground is just beginning to crack, said the Lord.
I see the water coming up out of the cracks.
He said many will come.
It is barely on your shoes; you're barely in it.
There will be nothing you can do to hold it back, nothing you can say.
There's a great glory, a revival that's coming today.
It's coming forth all over Fort Worth.
You watch it; it's a flow.
It's all over Nigeria.
I see Nigeria and a great fountain.
The persecution—the devil tried to put it out, but he can't.
The Lord said, "Yes.
" Hallelujah!
I see the fountains, Braden, springing forth in Tennessee, Alabama, and these fountains are uncapped at a greater level.
The well of revival is uncapped in my neighborhood.
We're having revival where it's uncapped; it's a bountiful supply.
It starts with me.
It goes from Minnesota to Tennessee, from Tennessee to Mobile, Alabama, and up to Fort Worth, and then to Oklahoma.
There are places, like in Indiana Jones, where marks appear on the map as the revival springs forth.
What started off as just a crack in the ground, a cistern came up out of the depth where it was dry.
Those big thick cracks started getting water in them and it started seeping up from the depth of the earth.
It was just barely touching the shoes.
He said, "You're not big enough to mess it up.
" And the shoes started getting full, coming up to the shoelaces, the ankles, the knees, the waist, over the head, and we're going to be swimming in this.
He said the lakes in Minnesota are a type and shadow.
Father, we call the well of revival over the Mabee Center, over Tulsa, Victory, Collinsville, and Branson.
Spring from the well that never shall run dry.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill our cup.
Fill it up and make me whole.
Fill our cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven.
It's beginning to rain in your houses right now.
I see all you that are watching.
Drink.
The Lord said, "Oh, I'm going to start in among my people.
" He said, "Brandon, expect me to visit the people that are watching, for a refreshing is coming on the people right now.
This will be a place that they drink from the well.
" Your channel, this place of prayer that looks into me, will be a place where they come to drink from the well that never shall run dry.
They're drinking from the cup, Lord; they lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of their soul.
Bread of heaven, feed them till they want no more.
Fill their cup, they lift it up, and make them whole.
He said this channel—that's what he said—"Your channel, son, will become a place of a river, and they'll come and drink from the well from this night forward.
I will impart my spirit through the airwaves, and if they just lift up the cup before me, I'll fill it to overflow.
" I saw a whole visitation.
I see people getting knocked out in the Holy Ghost in their kitchens.
You're awake in other parts of the earth; I see that fire on them in the name of Jesus.
Touch them in their houses.
He said, "Drink from the well that never shall run dry.
Fill their cup, Lord.
They lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of their soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I get so drunk and, Lord, I can't even keep my head up.
Drink from the well that never shall run dry.
" Thank you, Jesus.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I can't keep my head up anymore, God.
Hallelujah.
Drink from the well that never shall run dry.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Rain.
I feel so hot.
Hallelujah.
All right, I'm going to try to close it now.
Drink from the well that never shall run dry.
He said he wants refreshing over you.
There are so many people so sober.
You got to drink from the well.
He wants to bring a refreshing to you.
He said, "Brandon, you just needed a little drink.
" I said, "Yeah, that's what I say inside.
" Hallelujah.
Why can't you have a good time in church?
You got to have a good time in church.
Hallelujah.
My tongue is heavy, so I'm trying.
God bless y'all.
Hallelujah.
Well, praise the Lord.
I'm glad y'all are—I hope y'all—I'm trying to get my thoughts on me.
I feel really gone.
Hallelujah.
My goodness.
I haven't been this drunk in the Lord in a long time.
It's been since—you remember, right?
I was plastered on the floor for about five hours.
I couldn't get up one night; I was so drunk in the Holy Ghost I couldn't even move.
And he did come over me.
And people say, "Well, how does that happen?
" I don't know how it happens, but you just drink from that well.
I sing that song and it hits me.
And if you've never been there before, you don't know what you're talking about.
Isn't that amazing what that does?
How the Holy Spirit just comes on you like that, son?
It starts to lift off.
You can feel your head.
It makes your whole tongue feel heavy.
Hallelujah.
Praise the Lord.
Well, he said that people would start to come here and they'll get a drink and they'll be able to get through their week.
He said a fountain.
Hallelujah.
Wow, there are so many people that just need a refreshing.
Thank you, Lord.
Well, praise the Lord.
Bless them, Father.
Bless them, Lord.
Make us a blessing, Father, to others.
Thank you, Father, for the glory.
This is just the beginning of the greatest outpouring that we've ever seen before.
I want to be right in the middle of the well.
And I thank you, Lord, that it just overtakes us.
And Father, I thank you for what you say to me about this and the refreshing for the people.
Grant it to be so in Jesus' name.
Well, praise the Lord, Braden.
You can close it.
It hit me so hard.
It's coming from the deep.
And there are so many people that just need a fresh drink.
They're so dry.
And the Lord wants to give you that.
Hallelujah.
It's in the wee hours of the morning.
I know in Acts chapter 2 they said they thought they were drunk, but they were just filled with the Holy Ghost.
Hallelujah.
Praise the Lord.
Finally, Lord.
I pray that you got blessed tonight.
I pray you have a great day or a wonderful night.
I don't know what to do with this.
I'm sorry.
I'm just trying to close it so I can move on here.
Hallelujah.
I wasn't expecting that to happen on a live stream.
My goodness.
But we're yielded to what he wants us to do.
We're just yielded.
We're vessels.
I'm trying to get my words out to say to close the broadcast.
Goodbye.
I can't.
Bless y'all.